Update on restrictions and workings of smart baseline (#4072)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Basic_Functionality/Protocols_and_templates/Alarm_templates/Configuring_alarm_templates/Configuring_dynamic_alarm_thresholds.md

     Example of continuous degradation of a signal:

     ![Example of continuous signal degradation](~/user-guide/images/SmartBaselinesContinuous.png)

   - **To detect a deviation in the expected daily pattern**. This type of baseline is designed to identify changes in signals that follow a day/night pattern. The day is divided into 288 time intervals of 5 minutes, namely 0h until 0h05, 0h05 until 0h10, and so on, up to 23h55 until 0h. If the trend window is for example set to 7 days, then for each day the value of the parameter is stored during the interval 0h until 0h05, obtaining 7 points. The same is done for every time interval, obtaining 7 data points for each of the 288 time ranges. The median value is calculated for each interval, resulting in 288 median values. Instead of storing all these values, they are summarized using a smooth curve that approximates the daily pattern. By default, every 15 minutes, the value of the curve at the current time is calculated and used as the baseline.

     > [!NOTE]
     >
     > - If a range is defined in the protocol, the baseline value is capped to ensure it stays within the specified minimum and maximum limits.

>      > - The polynomial is recalculated every day around midnight.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > - The typical daily behavior of the signal is recalculated every day around midnight.
```
